README.md, before:

# hass-ttlock

Home Assistant integration for TTLock based locks.

## Currently supported features

- Locking and unlocking
- Loading status on startup
- Refreshing status hourly

## Known working locks

> If this integration is working for you, please leave a comment [here](https://github.com/jbergler/hass-ttlock/issues/1)

- [E-Lok 9 series](https://www.e-lok.com/9-series)

## Limitations (will be fixed over time)

- Almost everything else

# Usage

## Requirements

1. A TTLock based smart lock
1. A Gateway (if your lock doesn't have integrated wifi)
   - These can be purchased from the vendor of your lock or direct from [Aliexpress](https://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/_DEPpClx)

## Creating an OAuth APP

1. Go to https://open.ttlock.com/manager and create an account
1. Register an application (this will take a few days to get approved)
1. Install the extension via HACS
   - You will need to add add custom repository 'jbergler/hass-ttlock' of type 'integration'
1. Setup the integration via Home Assistant UI

## Reporting issues

Please enable debug logging with the following config and share all logs matching 'ttlock'

```
logger:
  default: info
  logs:
    homeassistant.components.ttlock: debug
```

Commit message:

update webhook info in readme

README.md, after:

# hass-ttlock

Home Assistant integration for TTLock based locks.

## Currently supported features

- Locking and unlocking
- Loading status on startup
- Limited handling of real-time events

## Known working locks

> If this integration is working for you, please leave a comment [here](https://github.com/jbergler/hass-ttlock/issues/1)

- [E-Lok 9 series](https://www.e-lok.com/9-series)

## Limitations (will be fixed over time)

- Almost everything else

# Usage

## Requirements

1. A TTLock based smart lock
1. A Gateway (if your lock doesn't have integrated wifi)
   - These can be purchased from the vendor of your lock or direct from [Aliexpress](https://s.click.aliexpress.com/e/_DEPpClx)

## Creating an OAuth APP

1. Go to https://open.ttlock.com/manager and create an account
1. Register an application (this will take a few days to get approved)
1. Install the extension via HACS
   - You will need to add add custom repository 'jbergler/hass-ttlock' of type 'integration'
1. Setup the integration via Home Assistant UI
1. Once the integration is working, go to System > Logs and find the ttlock webhook url
1. Go back to the url from the first step and set the 'Callback URL' for your application

## Reporting issues

Please enable debug logging with the following config and share all logs matching 'ttlock'

```
logger:
  default: info
  logs:
    homeassistant.components.ttlock: debug
```
